added documentation on meshsync,operator and database (#2381)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/concepts/architecture/architecture.md

[![Meshery Operator and MeshSync]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/architecture/meshery-operator-and-meshsync.svg
)]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/architecture/meshery-operator-and-meshsync.svg)

See the [**Operator**]({{ site.baseurl }}/architecture/operator) section for more information on the function of an operator and [**MeshSync**]({{ site.baseurl }}/architecture/meshsync) section for more information on the function of meshsync.

## Meshery Database

> Meshery Database is responsible to persist and manage the state of meshery and its components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery Server's database is responsible for collecting and centralizing the state of all elements under management, including infrastructure, application, and Meshery's own components. Meshery's database, while persisted to file, is treated as a cache.

```

[![Meshery Database]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/architecture/meshery-database.svg)]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/architecture/meshery-database.svg)

See the [**Database**]({{ site.baseurl }}/architecture/database) section for more information on the function of the database.

> ### **Network Ports**

Reviewer: @kumarabd please review existing and capture new network ports for database (internal only), operator, broker.

Author: @leecalcote It is already been captured for broker. And we don't need any for the database.

Reviewer: Ok. Rather, the operator reuses the existing https port existing between K8s and Meshery.
